For input controller current step implementation
1. open new files that is a csv
2. get each line and tokenize them
3. remove punctuation and stop words
4. lemmanize the words to get the lemmas
5. next stem the words to further reduce the vocabulary
6. TODO now save a file of processed headlines to include the date
    The grouping of the dates and headlines will be at the word embedding level so we have a large word vector to process
    try to run this before meeting
 Currently trying to save file have to decide if I want to store it as a 2d array of set size or jagged array
 If stored as jagged its simpler potentially? the dimensions arent super set but what do we fill in the empty spots anyways?
 would have to make it nxn where n is the size of the largest word vector only advantage i see is that it keeps it consitent
 always the size of largest word vector that will also be fed to NN decide later

word embedding
How are we word embedding? what is the process were using
My current thought process is to get the list of words and their respective dates from a text file
Additionally we can build multiple of these files/functions and switch them out to see how they each perform
however with each new embedding format is a new model
    ex. start with TFIDF then move on try something else? maybe figure out some way to use fin data to proces.. not sure tho
    MAYBE use fin data that isnt the fin data were using, we can try and predict individual stock and use the Wilshire 5000 to train?
        Or some other stock thats a good representation of the market movement
        however yea if we do 2 forms of embedding and 4 models we now have to train double the models

Financial Data processing
TODO Start building this
1. open fin file - Dija to start with following that other stocks, next meeting ask about crypto potentially? newer tho need to find proper amtch with news data
    Create functions to process the 3 decided upon financial indicators
    save a file that has each days corresponding values like original but also now has the includer financial indicators
    Will have to potentially remove some points to account for the indicators? If they work off a 14 day average or something
        will have to delete the first 14 days


Black box/modularity each section will take a specific file and output a file that plug and play into the other
This would allow easy future development and the switching in and out of files
The main input will be a menu so you can pick which step